PRIVACY AND SECURITY POLICY
All services provided in our application eglenceevreni1@gmail.com the entertainment universe registered at the address is owned and operated by our company.
Our company may collect personal data for various purposes. The following describes how and how personal data collected is collected, how and how such data is protected.
Various membership or by filling our application forms and surveys members about themselves, some personal information (name-last name, company information, phone, address or Email addresses) are collected by our application due to the nature of the work.
Our company may send campaign information, information about new products, promotional offers to its customers and members during some periods. Our members may make any choice as to whether or not to receive such information while they are a member, then they may change this selection from the account information section after they have logged in or they may notify them via the link in the notification message.
Our app or via e-mail during the approval process performed by our members to our application by electronically transmitted personal information to third parties outside the scope and objectives as determined by our contract with our members will not be disclosed.
Our company records and uses the IP address of its members in order to identify problems related to the system and to quickly resolve any problems or disputes related to the service provided. IP addresses can also be used to identify users in a general way and to gather comprehensive demographic information.
Our company may use the requested information for direct marketing purposes by itself or its collaborators, except for the purposes and scope specified by the membership agreement. Personal information may also be used to contact the user if necessary. Information requested by our company or information provided by the user or information related to transactions made through our application; Our company and the people with whom it cooperates can be used for various statistical evaluations, database creation and Sunday research without revealing the identity of our members, except for the purposes and scope determined by the "membership agreement".
Our company strictly keep confidential information private and confidential to keep it a secret, as my load due respect and maintaining and improving the confidentiality, of all or any portion of the confidential information into the public domain or unauthorized use necessary care to prevent disclosure to any third party to take all necessary measures and we are committed to.
THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES AND APPLICATIONS
Our application may link to other sites within the website. Our company does not bear any responsibility for the privacy practices and content of the sites accessed through these links. Ads posted on our company's site are distributed to our users through our advertising partners. The Privacy Policy Principles in this agreement relate solely to the use of our application, not to third party websites.
EXCEPTIONAL CASES
In the limited circumstances described below, our company may disclose information about users to third parties outside of the provisions of this "Privacy Policy". A limited number of these situations, including;
1.Law, Decree Law, Regulation v.b. to comply with the obligations imposed by the rules of Law issued by the competent legal authority and which are in effect;
2.In order to fulfill and implement the requirements of the "Membership Agreement"and other agreements concluded by our application with users;
3.Request information about users for the purpose of conducting a duly conducted investigation or investigation by the competent administrative and judicial authority;
4.It is necessary to provide information to protect the rights or security of users.
EMAIL SECURITY
Never write down your credit card number or passwords in e-mails you send to our Customer Service regarding any order. The information contained in the emails can be viewed by third parties. Our company cannot under any circumstances guarantee the security of the information transferred from your emails.
BROWSER COOKIES
Our company may obtain information about users visiting our application and users ' use of the website by using a technical contact file (cookie). These technical communication files are small text files that a website sends to the user's browser to be stored in the main memory. The technical contact file facilitates the use of the Internet by storing status and preferences about the site.
Technical communication file, how many people visit the site a person's site and for what purpose, how many times have you visited and how much staying at the site for a user to obtain statistical information about the users and produce content dynamically from the pages of a custom designed ad and will help. The technical contact file is not designed to retrieve data or any other personal information from the main memory or from your email. Most browsers are designed to accept the technical communication file at first, but users can change the settings to ensure that the technical communication file does not arrive or that the technical communication file is alerted when it is sent.
Our company may modify the provisions of this "Privacy Policy" at any time by posting on the site or sending e-mail to users or posting on the site. If the provisions of the privacy policy change, it becomes effective on the date of publication.
For any questions and suggestions regarding our Privacy Policy eglenceevreni1@gmail.com you can email him. You can reach the following contact details of our company.
Company Title: Eglence Evreni
E-mail: eglenceevreni1@gmail.com
